Chen Fan
Who did you get into a fight with?
Actually, I have something to tell you.
You asked me and Brother Honghai
to look into the game proposal.
I feel like something's off.
He is definitely off.
Right?
We haven't even worked out the game framework,
and he's always thinking about how to monetize.
Isn't that thinking a bit too twisted?
It's not just his game logic that's twisted.
I'll go talk to him in a couple of days.
No.
I have to talk to him right now.
I can't wait another second.
Look what time it is.
Where are you going to find him?
Then tomorrow.
Help me get him to come out tomorrow.
I need to have a serious talk with him.
Wait, don't you have his number?
I don't want to speak to him.
What exactly is going on between you two?
Chen Fan
I know you broke up.
You're feeling upset.
But you called me over here,
just to watch you act out your heartbreak?
Broke up?
Who's heartbroken?
Didn't you and Ruochu already...
You have the nerve to mention Ruochu?
Then let me settle this with you, Zhou Honghai.
I call you "Brother,"
treat you politely every day,
and this is how you treat me?
How did I treat you?
Sending her back so late last night.
What were you two doing?
I just had a meal with her,
and then took her home. So what?
Even if there really was something between us,
it's not up to you, the dumped ex-boyfriend,
to be pointing fingers here, right?
I didn't agree, so we didn't break up.
You have the nerve to have something with her?
Stealing your brother's girl, aren't you ashamed?
Chen Fan, calm down.
Brother Honghai isn't the type to take advantage of people.
No, how did I take advantage?
And how did I steal your girl?
It was him not cherishing that girl,
breaking her heart.
Now you're blaming me?
So you rushed in to cherish her?
We haven't even cleared things up yet,
and you're throwing yourself at her.
You call that not taking advantage?
I saw through you a long time ago.
You have hundreds of schemes spinning in your head daily.
I bet Ruochu has already seen clearly
what kind of person you are.
Alright.
If this goes on,
we really can't be brothers anymore.
Aren't we here to pick a game today?
The two proposals for this game,
we've studied them both.
This one is mine.
This one is Brother Honghai's.
Choose yours.
Why?
Making private server plugins is illegal.
Fine.
Then let's make translation patches for overseas games.
And add a paid unlock for the story.
Is that okay?
That's not okay either.
The cyber police are cracking down hard lately.
You want to walk right into the line of fire?
I prefer Brother Liang's proposal.
We have to start with a low-cost shooting mini-game.
The cyber police can't check everything.
As long as our tech is solid
and we hide deep enough,
who can catch us?
Solid tech must be used on the right path.
That's why I said,
people like you with minds full of crooked thoughts...
You towards Ruochu, you just...
Chen Fan, talk about the game.
Have you seen his proposal?
Simple plot,
rough characters.
Who would play it?
Simple games can also go viral.
You forgot there was a shooting game before
even simpler than this that went viral.
Millions of downloads in just a few days.
What was it?
My point is, simple games can also be hits
No
Why would people ignore Legend
And not play World of Magical Beasts
To waste time here
Brother Honghai, although my game is simple
Its advantage is its small size
Even low-spec computers can run it smoothly
And the production cycle is short
Chen Fan
Brother Honghai just wants to make a profit quickly
Shouldn't we think of a compromise
Can't do it
Understood
So I spent all this effort making a plan
Just to hear you two singing the same tune here, right
No, no
Chen Fan
I know because of Ruochu
You have a problem with me
You're just contradicting me, right
I am a professional
I've made more games than you've eaten
Anyway, I can't explain it clearly to someone
With a mind full of crooked thoughts like you
Do you understand
Fine
In the whole world, you, Chen Fan, are the most professional
You are the most high-minded
When this lousy game of yours fails
I'll see how you keep acting high and mighty
Brother Honghai
Let him go
Feifan Tech won't stop turning without him
Hello
Zhou Honghai, right
We met last night at Long's Group office
Hello, hello
Hello, President Liu
Yes, understood, okay
Good
Chen Fan
Since you don't know what's good for you, don't blame me
Wait
Where did you go yesterday, kid
Why weren't you with us
Yeah
I called you so many times and no one answered
Don't ask, I was watching the venue at the club yesterday
And my phone got water damaged
Then I went straight to the internet cafe to check the accounts
I was so sleepy
I just fell asleep on that sofa
It's just a phone
I'll buy you another one
You can pick whatever you want, no matter how expensive
Really
Pick one
Hey, then I'm really going to pick one
My code is at a critical point
Don't cause trouble
Liang, what are you working on now
Is it that antivirus software from before
No, that software is pretty mature now
I'm making a game to test the waters
Challenging a new field
You know how to do this too
Yeah, the gaming market is hot right now
We have to strike while the iron is hot
But this game I'm making
Is just the most ordinary shooting game
Simple is good
I suggest the game memory usage must be small
Even in the trashiest illegal internet cafes
It should run easily
So I changed this part
Do you see
Look here
If you change this part like this
Once you two start talking tech
I can't get a word in
Then you go to sleep
You're so sleepy anyway
Go to sleep quickly
Okay, okay, okay
Then I'm going to sleep
Goodnight
Sleeping
Right, right, right
This... this can also be done like this
This works, this works
Su Ruochu
Enter all these files before you get off work
New company rule: the building gets locked after seven
No one can stay
This way, there's no chance to look for clues
Looks like I need to find another way
In my past life
I was threatened right here in this law firm
And hit by a car on this very road
It's okay. It's still early
Since those documents were handed to me at the firm
There must be a copy archived here
I have to find a way to get it
Sorry about that
Sorry, are you okay?
You're that girl from Luocheng Computer Academy
I did have someone install some things last week
He said some settings needed changing
You're the girl who came to fix the computer
How come you're here?
I'm interning here
In charge of organizing case files
Then where are you going in such a rush?
Don't ask. I was wrongly accused
They said I lost important data inside this
And that I broke the machine
Now the machine won't turn on
I have no way to prove myself
I just thought I'd hurry out
And find someone to fix it for me
By the way
Last time in Luocheng
That guy who fixed my computer
Can you help me contact him?
We haven't seen each other in a long time
Please think of a way to contact him for me
Fate brought us together
You wouldn't want to see me wrongly accused, right?
Alright
I can't believe you guys are also from Yunhai University
Little brother, thanks for last time
I'm Xu Qiuci
Senior, I'm Chen Fan
What's going on with this?
Ruochu, you tell him
I get so angry just mentioning it
It's like this
Senior Xu
Is interning at a law firm
A Lawyer Sun at the firm asked her to organize files
Which included
The videos inside this DV camera
But when she returned it
That Lawyer Sun insisted she made a mistake
And deleted that key video
Now this DV camera is broken too
So Senior Xu can't prove her innocence
The content of this video
Do you remember what it was?
I don't remember
That bastard...
That Lawyer Sun
He didn't say
But I heard from other colleagues
It seems related to the land acquisition in the old district
The old district
Longshi Real Estate was suspected of violent acquisition
Finally, due to insufficient evidence
It was a case where they avoided prosecution
Yes, you know that case
That case caused quite a stir back then
It seems our firm handled it
When our seniors went to investigate
They took this very DV camera
These people from Longshi
When I went to see Old Master Tang before
To buy Yunmeng Paradise
I saw their people strong-arming a sale there too
Senior, think carefully
Besides this matter
Are there any other suspicious points?
Also, that Lawyer Sun
He suddenly acted out of character
He became very fierce
He threatened that if I didn't admit my mistake
He would tell the school
That I caused a huge loss to the firm
Say I committed a major work error
And make the school give me a serious demerit
This guy
Why do I feel like he's forcing you
To take the blame for this?
I'm just guessing
Senior
I'll fix this machine for you within three days
But I have a condition
Any condition is fine
I want you to sit down and have a good talk with me
Just once
Is that okay?
Just that? What kind of condition is that?
Ruochu, agree to it
Actually, I've wanted to talk to you for a long time.
But I was afraid I...
I... I couldn't control my emotions...
And would put pressure on you.
I'm sorry, Chen Fan.
You don't need to apologize to me.
I just want to know why.
Is it because of Zhou Honghai?
This was my own decision.
It has nothing to do with him.
So, why exactly is it?